

With the development of human society, the problems of environmental pollution and lack of resources are becoming more and more serious, and waste classification is particularly important.

Garbage classification is a reform of the traditional way of garbage collection and disposal. It is a scientific management method for effective disposal of garbage. Facing the increasing waste output and the deterioration of environmental conditions, how to maximize the utilization of waste resources, reduce the number of waste disposal and improve the living environment through waste classification management is an urgent problem of common concern all over the world.
The reason for the increase of garbage is the improvement of people's living standards and the increase of various consumption. Garbage classification is to classify and put garbage at the source, and turn it back into resources through sorting, transportation and recycling.
Advantages of waste classification:
Classified garbage collection can reduce the amount of garbage treatment and treatment equipment, reduce the treatment cost and reduce the consumption of land resources. It has benefits in three aspects of social、 economy and ecology.
1. Reduce land occupation. Some substances in domestic waste are not easy to degrade, causing serious erosion of the land. Waste classification and removal of recyclable and non degradable substances can reduce the amount of waste by more than 60%.
2. Reduce environmental pollution. Waste batteries contain toxic substances such as metal mercury and cadmium, which will do serious harm to human beings; Waste plastics in the soil will reduce crop production; The discarded waste plastics are eaten by animals, which will lead to the death of animals.
3. Turn waste into treasure. China uses 4 billion plastic fast food boxes, 500-700 million instant noodle bowls and billions of disposable chopsticks every year, accounting for 8% ~ 15% of domestic waste. 1 ton of waste plastic can be recycled to refine kg of diesel. Recycling tons of waste paper can avoid cutting down trees used to produce tons of paper. One ton of cans can form one ton of good aluminum block after melting, and 20 tons of aluminum ore can be mined less.
30% ~ 40% of the production waste can be recycled. We should cherish this resource with small cost and great profit. You can also use the can to make a pencil case, which is not only environmentally friendly but also resource-saving.